Michael Jackson worked with associate
director and choreographer Travis Payne
on the movie there were 5,000 dancers
that auditioned to be backup dancers for
Michael's tour
Michael hand-picked the top 10 dancers
and 10 dancers are featured in the film
and I thought I could either show you a
clip from the movie or I don't know if
you'd prefer this clip from the movie or
to see them live right now I couldn't
it's it's unclear to me so let's buy
round of applause who would rather see a
movie by round of applause okay yeah by
round of applause how many people would
rather see them live
you
okay
I know you're gonna go see the movie and
you're like I saw him I was like 10 feet
away from him that was unbelievable
Travis I know that you uh worked with
Michael it was like the night before he
passed away right
no excited was he - go on - oh he was
thrilled ear to ear we had realized his
dream of many years with the show and
you know the entire basis for the show
was just to remind the world of you know
the absence of love and that we needed
to really sort of protect each other
more care about each other more so
that's our message and we're
perpetuating it enough
since it is in theaters now and it's
only in theaters for two weeks and
everybody in the audience say is getting
a copy of the soundtrack so
so is he a good kisser ha what
you